[release] 20211103 (#601)
subquery/subql: packages/cli/CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

## [0.15.0] - 2021-11-03
### Changed

> - Update `create` function in model.ts template (#573)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Provide a more proper ts typing for `static create()` function in model.ts template (#573)
```

> - Use jsonrpc client to fetch genesis hash , drop dependencies of polkadot-api (#595)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Use jsonrpc client to fetch genesis hash , drop dependencies of polkadot-api (#595)
- Update `subql validate` to validate custom ds (#596)
```
